{{Spoilers| [[character death]] in [[Link Click]]}}

{{PairingProfile|pairing=VeiFei|alternative name(s)=Vein/Xia Fei, Xia Fei/Vein, VeinFei, FeiVein, v斐, 斐v, VeinFeiVein, FeiVeinFei, tomato scrambled egg, 番茄炒鸡蛋|category=slash|fandom=Link Click|canonical=No|archives=[https://archiveofourown.org/tags/Vein*s*Xia%20Fei%20(Link%20Click)/works Vein/Xia Fei on Archiveofourown]|prevalence=popular}}

“VeiFei” (Vein/Xia Fei) is a [[slash]] [[Shipping|ship]] in the [[Link Click]] [[fandom]]. While variations like VeinFei and FeiVein, v斐, and 斐v follow the East Asian ship naming convention—where the first name typically suggests the top and the second the bottom<ref>[[Pairing Name]]</ref>—VeiFei itself does not adhere to this convention. On [[Tumblr]], where the name VeiFei was coined, it is often used without implying a specific dynamic and may also refer to Vein and Xia Fei together as individuals.

For switch dynamics, fans may use names like VeinFeiVein or FeiVeinFei. In the [[Chinese-Speaking Fandom]], the ship is nicknamed “tomato scrambled egg (番茄炒鸡蛋),”  a reference to the characters’ red and yellow hair colors.

[[Shippers]] of VeiFei call themselves veifeiers.

==Canon==
description of their canon relationship

==Fandom==

In the English-language fandom, the ship started out as a joke by [[Tumblr]] user [https://miyamiwu.tumblr.com/ miyamiwu] (aka Miya) on a [https://miyamiwu.tumblr.com/post/754173830082265088/shipping-felix-and-vein-just-coz-i-think-felixs post] that said, “Shipping Felix and Vein just coz I think Felix’s casual/streetwear style goes well with Vein’s elegant and dressy style.” This was posted on June 24, 2024—six months and seventeen days before Vein and Xia Fei officially interacted in the show<ref>Vein and Xia Fei first interacted in Link Click: Yingdu Chapter episode 3, first released on [https://www.bilibili.com/bangumi/play/ep1222560 Bilibili] on [https://linkclick.fandom.com/wiki/Link_Click_(Donghua)/Bridon_Arc#Episodes January 10, 2025].</ref>—and was referencing the characters’ outfits that were revealed in the [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIAOtNkFNWU Burning Palace] music video released only two days prior.<ref>[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIAOtNkFNWU Burning Palace] was first released on [https://www.bilibili.com/bangumi/play/ep828818 Bilibili] on [https://linkclick.fandom.com/wiki/House_of_Hot_Headed June 22, 2024].</ref>

However, nearly six months later, with the release of [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBwXRB_GnFE Xia Fei’s character PV]<ref>[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBwXRB_GnFE Rent a Shell] was first released on [https://www.bilibili.com/bangumi/play/ep1208395?from_spmid=666.25.episode.0 Bilibili] on [https://linkclick.fandom.com/wiki/%E5%87%BA%E7%A7%9F%E7%9A%AE%E5%9B%8A December 14, 2024].</ref>, the ship stopped being a joke for Miya. Seeing Vein smiling while looking at Xia Fei through two monitors in the PV, Miya sensed that her [[crack ship]] might actually have some substance. She then posted the [[meta]] “[https://miyamiwu.tumblr.com/post/769830529697775616/xia-fei-and-vein Link Click is going hard with the yaoi this season…]” to prove her point, and thus began her campaign to get other people to ship VeiFei.

Up until Vein and Xia Fei first interacted in the show, Miya was constantly pointing out evidence of their potential close relationship in the show’s promotional materials. When Link Click: Yingdu Chapter’s ending song [https://www.bilibili.com/bangumi/play/ep1224048 Lull] was released a few days before the season aired, Miya pointed out how Vein and Xia Fei were always shown right after another<ref>[https://miyamiwu.tumblr.com/post/770637867416469504/boyfriends-boyfriends-boyfriends-but-no BOYFRIENDS! BOYFRIENDS! BOYFRIENDS!] by [https://miyamiwu.tumblr.com/ miyamiwu]</ref>. Tumblr user [https://www.tumblr.com/rainibao rainibao] then [https://fanlore.org/wiki/Tumblr#Reblogging reblogged] this post, commenting in the [https://fanlore.org/wiki/Tumblr#Tagging tags], “#EXACTLY LIKE THE PART WHERE IT'S XIA FEIS HAND AND VEINS CIGARETTE AND THE SUNLIGHT REACHES VEIN'S SECTION TOO#AND WHEN THE SUNLIGHT SHINES ON VEIN SMOKING IN THE RAIN IT TRANSITIONS TO XIA FEI WITH THE SUN ON HIS BACK.”<ref>[https://www.tumblr.com/rainibao rainibao]’s [https://www.tumblr.com/rainibao/770638129220780032 reblog with tag commentary]</ref>

The comment by rainibao enlightened Miya, leading to her making several posts talking about how Vein and Xia Fei may have linked powers like the other pairs in the show. The first of these posts is a [https://fanlore.org/wiki/Animated_Gif#Gifsets gifset] for VeiFei with the theory, “You can’t convince me that they aren’t a pair. I have a feeling that Vein’s and Xia Fei’s powers are linked, the same way ShiGuang’s and the Li twins’ powers are.”<ref>[https://miyamiwu.tumblr.com/post/770653751900078080/you-cant-convince-me-that-they-arent-a-pair-i VeiFei linked powers gifset] by [https://miyamiwu.tumblr.com miyamiwu]</ref>


===Events===
====[https://miyamiwu.tumblr.com/post/772260238372077568/january-10-is-officially-veifei-day VeiFei Day]====
Celebrated on January 10, the release date of Link Click: Yingdu Chapter episode 3, when Vein and Xia Fei first officially interacted in the show. This marked the end of the Tumblr fandom’s month-long yearning for Vein and Xia Fei to have something interesting between them in canon.

====[https://x.com/veinfeiveinweek/ VeinFeiVein Week]====
Description here.

==Metas==

===Pre-Debut Metas===
These are metas written before Vein and Xia Fei officially debuted in the show.
*[https://www.tumblr.com/miyamiwu/769830529697775616/xia-fei-and-vein Initial Thoughts on Body for Rent/Rent A Shell] by [https://miyamiwu.tumblr.com/ miyamiwu]
*[https://www.tumblr.com/miyamiwu/770661186489450496/okay-serious-time-now-we-need-to-talk-about-this Vein and Xia Fei having linked powers] by [https://miyamiwu.tumblr.com/ miyamiwu]
*[https://www.tumblr.com/miyamiwu/771172608171556864/vein-and-xia-fei Vein and Xia Fei: Song Analysis.]  by [https://miyamiwu.tumblr.com/ miyamiwu]. A comparative analysis of Vein’s and Xia Fei’s songs: Burning Palace, Bloody Storm, and Rent a Shell.

===Post-Yingdu Metas===
These are metas written after Link Click: Yingdu Chapter aired.
*[https://www.tumblr.com/lostpai/777119821371473920/xia-fei-and-veins-dual-powers Xià Fěi and Vein’s Dual Powers: Vein and Xià Fěi hold the powers of Foresight and Hindsight–here's how I came to believe it.]” by [https://www.tumblr.com/lostpai lostpai]. A meta inspired by [https://miyamiwu.tumblr.com/ miyamiwu]’s

==Fanworks==
===Fanart===
*[https://www.tumblr.com/currently-haunted/772016460613730304/i-can-make-them-do-anything-before-their-debut-in i can make them do anything before their debut in the story i think. for example annoy each other] by [https://www.tumblr.com/currently-haunted currently-haunted]. Posted 3 days before Vein and Xia Fei officially interacted in the show. The artist correctly predicted Xia Fei’s openness around Vein.
*[https://x.com/YukiNocelery19/status/1883473405221236932 See you later] by [https://x.com/YukiNocelery19 YukiNocelery19]. Although not labeled as ship art, the artwork—posted by an animator working on the show just a week before the final episode of Link Click: Yingdu Chapter—sparked numerous speculations about Vein and Xia Fei’s dynamic as well as the season’s ending. It also inspired a lot of other fanworks.

===Fanfics===
*[https://archiveofourown.org/works/57445552 Insatiable] by [https://archiveofourown.org/users/rane_ne/pseuds/rane_ne rane_ne]. First VeiFei fanfic on AO3 and was posted months before Link Click: Yingdu Chapter aired.
*[https://archiveofourown.org/works/62172370 Body for rent] by [https://archiveofourown.org/users/bloomingsite/pseuds/bloomingsite bloomingsite]. Originally posted on [[Tumblr]] on Dec 18, 2024, titled ‘body for rent (at the end of the line)


===Fanvids===

====Animatic / Animation====

*[https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV18o9YYHE5R/ 【v斐】和特别恐同的下属睡一张床] by [https://space.bilibili.com/1703513615 ivel掉头发]

====Animated Music Videos====
*[https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1oEcReGErs/ 救命！这真的好宠！当了反派的家属是什么体验！老板老公傻傻分不清楚！] by [https://space.bilibili.com/556345 万金泥Wanjinny]
*[https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV19xFUeJE8k “好虐！其实只有夏斐以为静脉哥是真死了，一伤一失踪你好狠的心啊”【时光代理人|V斐】] by [https://space.bilibili.com/121156407 一个傲娇出墙来]
*[https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV11XFXe7EmJ/ 【v斐】我在人群中没你的下落 一个转眼就错过【时光代理人英都篇】] by [https://space.bilibili.com/38823895 椎名家的土豆炖肉]
*[https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1qYNyeoEeu/ 漫天风雪我陪你颤抖 我们别回头 | V斐 · 英都篇] by [https://space.bilibili.com/1016957947 雨夜来信-]
*[https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV19r9QY5EZQ “我不在了以后，要照顾好自己.”] by [https://space.bilibili.com/3461570208205270 承浅咩]. AMV inspired by a fan animation teaser posted by an animator working on the show.
*[https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1KNFXenEfL/ “爱就像短暂的白日烟火”｜｜英都篇完结纪念【夏斐×Vein】] by [https://space.bilibili.com/18259334 DOU子酱]
*[https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1LSASeeEnk/ 【斐v】他们说今晚的夜色很好，应该有个人对我来撒娇] by [https://space.bilibili.com/493187146 甜幂泰勒丝]
*[https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1bVc9eoEEj 【斐V】危险派对|享受着步调摇晃，我不危险] by [https://space.bilibili.com/508522572 Alexamistake]
*[https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1wAQ4Y7EeA/ 小夏，就像是Vein养的一朵向日葵，而Vein又是小夏的太阳，太阳陨落…向日葵失了光泽，归于平凡…] by [https://space.bilibili.com/3546805014890996 幻想症状态]

===Other Fanworks===

*[[Name of Fanwork]] [http://URL_HERE] by [[Name of Fanwork Creator]].  SOME WORDS HERE LIKE, “Athosian-style folk song”

==Official Video Edits==
Link Click’s and Bilibili’s official social media accounts often post video edits featuring different characters. Below are the ones highlighting the relationship between Vein and Xia Fei. (Disclaimer: These videos are not labeled as ship videos.)

===New Model x Domineering Boss. So this is what it feels like to be protected by someone===

'''Chinese title:''' 新人模特 x 霸道老板: 原跟帔人罩着是这种感觉

'''Official English title:''' “Link Click: Bridon Arc”: So this is what it feels like to be protected by someone.<ref>[https://x.com/madeby_bilibili/status/1894371779642114285 by the official Bilibili account on X (formerly Twitter)]</ref>

First posted on January 17, 2025 on [https://www.douyin.com/video/7460548785962306825 Douyin] by the official Link Click (时光代理人) account. Later posted on [https://x.com/madeby_bilibili/status/1894371779642114285 X (formerly Twitter)] on February 25, 2025 by the official Bilibili account.<span id="vein-died-in-a-bizarre-way-but-the-case-was-closed-hastily.-xia-fei-insists-on-chasing-after-his-bosss-true-killer"></span>
===Vein died in a bizarre way, but the case was closed hastily. Xia Fei insists on chasing after his boss’s true killer===

'''Chinese title:'''

'''Official English title:'''

First posted on January 31, 2025 on [https://www.douyin.com/video/7465725120733105445 Douyin] by the official Link Click (时光代理人) account. Later posted on [https://x.com/madeby_bilibili/status/1899807598947549372 X (formerly Twitter)] on March 12, 2025 by the official Bilibili account.

[https://miyamiwu.tumblr.com/post/775753612063375360/lan-jie-strikes-again-with-another-gayass-veifei Fan translation of video captions.]

==References==
<references />

[[Category:Link Click]]
